Update k8s exporter Chart.yaml (#86)
port-labs/helm-charts: charts/port-k8s-exporter/README.md

| `createMissingRelatedEntities`          | Deprecated. Will be used only for installation, configure this from the ui / migration from older versions. A flag to enable creation of missing related Port Entities. | `false`                               |
| `verbosity`                             | A number for the log level verbosity. Set to `-1` to print less info logs.                                                                                              | `0`                                   |
| `createDefaultResources`                | If `true`, upon installing the exporter will try to initiate default blueprints & app configuration                                                                     | `true`                                |

> | `overwriteConfigurationOnRestart`       | If `true`, upon restarting the exporter will overwrite the configuration in port with the resources provided in `configMap.config`                                      | `false`                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `overwriteConfigurationOnRestart`       | If `true`, the exporter will overwrite the configuration in Port with the resources provided in `configMap.config` during restart                                      | `false`                               |
```
